What is the difference in position fixed, absolute, and relative in CSS?
What is CSS specificity?
What is sass? How did you make use of it?
Difference between margin and padding?
What is rem?
What is mixin?
Explain different CSS selectors.
What are new features in HTML5?
Explain Html5 storage.
What are the Semantic elements in HTML?
What is Field Set in HTML and why it’s needed?
What is the latest feature introduced in CSS?
How will you get to know when the latest features are introduced in CSS?
Explain CSS Box model.
What is the difference between inline and inline-block?
Explain Bootstrap grid system and media queries?
Different types of stylesheets?
What is CSS specificity?
What is Flexbox and how to align element vertically?
Explain CSS positioning.
How to display content horizontal?
What are the display attribute?
What is the importance of DOCTYPE in HTML?
How to show multiple languages support in HTML.
Difference between script, script async and script defer?
What do you mean by progressive rendering?
What are webworks?
Difference between resting and normalizing? Which one preferred to use?
Explain z-index property.
What are the difference between padding and margin?
What is the difference between absolute and relative positions?
Explain CSS boxmodel.
What is SEO?
What is new in HTML5?
What about translate and absolute?
What you prefer to use flex or grid?
Block formatting contexting how will work?
Why mixins are used in SASS?
Explain SEO and semantic HTML
what is doc type in html
What is the difference between CSS display:none vs hidden?
Explain SEO.
Explain Semantic elements HTML5.
Explain doc type in html.
How to increase the performance of web page.
Explain CSS boxmodel?
What is the Difference between div and span?
Give me HTML5 elements?
Find the output of the given CSS.
What is the difference between SVG and canvas?
What are new features in HTML5?
Find the depth level of ul or ol? Below Eg depth=3
Why html5 has &lt;section&gt;&lt;article&gt; etc new tags? Why is it important?
Explain HTML 5 web storage.
Describe Pseudo elements and pseudo classes?
What does * { box-sizing: border-box; } do? What are its advantages?
What does * { box-sizing: border-box; } do? What are its advantages?
Explain Responsive design?
Draw two Squares Side by Side with 100px height and Width with a distance of 25px. With two circles of color radius 20px exactly in the center of each square?
What is the difference between opacity: 0 and visibility: hidden?
Write a CSS code to vertically and horizontally center a div?
How calc() function?
Explain transform?
Can we do counter through CSS?
What is the difference between adaptive design and responsive design?
How to open a mailbox in HTML
what is font face?
What is difference onready and onload?
While designing a responsive web page, how can an image be made responsive?
Solution:

c:

img{

   width: 100%;

   height: auto;

}
Explain Geolocation in HTML5.
What are the different display types and transform types in CSS?
Difference between '+' and '~' operator?
How does rem differ from em in CSS?
What are the different ways to hide the elements?
How to make sure the page is working across the browser?